in recent years the zombies are
returned to the limelight in all fields
from TV to video games with a big one
number of products they were looking for
recreate more or less successful ways
a world victim of a non- epidemic
few died , however, they succeeded
as boys of undead lab author of
state of the key title released
in summer 2013 on xbox 360 and on pc in
able to bewitch in a very short time
all fans of the genre
the attraction was all in the idea of
survival transmitted by the videogame
with the player in constant danger is
never really safe
today almost two years after
original release status of that yes
re-presents on xbox live with some
graphic editing in this one edition
containing in addition to the original game
also two said to be released
subsequently the top of cai throws us
immediately in the middle of the action with
marcus on vacation with a friend on the mountain
turner and immediately involved in a fight
with makeshift weapons against a group of
zombie vanguard of the epidemic rules
that we will find ourselves facing in
game after escaping
from the middle of our vacation
we will find shelter a church seat of a
group of survivors who will constitute
the first nucleus of the community ea
this point the game opens
giving us the chance to explore the rules
tribe county turnip
characterized by a large plain in
which are found factors and cultivated fields
river three small towns is a number
disproportionate of abandoned buildings
all to explore to find useful
resources and survivors to bring in
except to increase the size of the
our community is very important
within the game is for help
that people can guarantee us
against the zombies
yes because every npc has characteristics
different
we will therefore find characters with ability
as a mechanic able to repair the
our other specialized vehicles
in the use of firearms and that
we can employ as you see against the
zombies and many other types one
however, a very large community requires a
large number of resources to be able to
to survive
we will therefore often have to go to the
search for food and medicine for the whole
map always pay attention to
constant zombie threat during
our exploration should
pay particular attention to
load carried in the backpack since
carrying excessive weight
the stamina bar took place a lot
quickly with the risk of leaving us
breathless in the midst of a horde of
impossible brain eater
load an old rescue die
in fact it means losing forever the
our character by forcing us to
reason to always study the
situation before we move
fundamental and therefore use a
stealth approach in particular when
we will be on a mission without the help of
companions also make a little noise
like breaking glass in a building
can shoot with a firearm
will attract both the two and neighbors
forcing us to abandon resources
found to flee more
easily
fortunately when we will be forced to
fight we can count on a vast
arsenal that includes weapons from
fire is a long series of white weapons
like knives and accept the system of
combat announces however convinced
fully seen that often also
use a shoulder will be needed
numerous shots to spread a zombie
able to absorb our blows
no visible consequences in addition to
basic game that will keep you busy for
over 20 hours just to finish the
there are also two main campaigns
downloadable content capable of
dramatically increase longevity
breakdown is all about
survival almost completely eliminated
the narrative component and putting ourselves at
command of a small group of
survived with the only goal of
stay alive for as long as possible
once the resources in the
our area we will be obliged to
locate a camper that will have to be
repaired and filled with gasoline for
move a new area with women who
become increasingly stronger and
we will be aggressive with every move
then forced to leave gods behind
thus avoiding our group members
the possibility of forming a true e
own army of survivors in
able to wipe out without difficulty
all the undead
lifeline represents one instead
complete distortion with respect to
basic game in this 10 we will be busy
in the downforce town in command
of a group of army soldiers
United States committed to resist
to zombie attacks and to save the
last civilians left alive
from the beginning we will have a
very large number of firearms e
ammunition but it's better to save them for
the final stages of the campaign from
duration of about five hours
the town is indeed poor in
ammunition often forcing us to
escape in front of hordes of undead but it is
so many stetur of that presents itself
on xbox one with some improvements
graphic improved lighting e
a resolution brought to 1080p the truth
problem as for the 360 ​​version remains
however the framerate with enough declines
old in the driving and play phases
that almost gets stuck in the
improved agitated situations
finally also the animations despite there
expect much more from
developers saw that the compartment
technician certainly did not shout at the
miracle in the last edition
been of that in this year one
emissions is confirmed as a good title
for all lovers of the survival genre
with a constant fight against the zombies
that never leave us a moment
truce constantly forcing us to
look for new resources to survive
sin only for the presence of dips of
framerate and for the absence of one
multiplayer mode capable of
further extend longevity
already practically endless